[DOCU-2804] Konnect audit logging (#5055)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/audit-logging/webhook.md

## Create a webhook

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Konnect UI %}

1. From the navigation menu, open {% konnect_icon organizations %} **Organization**, then **Audit Logs Setup**.
1. Fill in the fields in the **Setup** tab.
   * **Region endpoint**: The external endpoint that will receive audit log messages. 
   * **Authorization Header**: The authorization type and credential to pass to your log collection endpoint. 
    {{site.konnect_short_name}} will send this string in the `Authorization` header of requests to that endpoint.

     For example, if you are setting up the webhook for Splunk, you could provide a Splunk access token: 
     `"authorization":"Splunk example-token12234352535235"`.
        
    * **Log Format**: The output format of each log message. Can be CEF or JSON.
1. Switch the toggle to `Enabled`, then save your webhook configuration.

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab API %}

Now that you have an external endpoint and authorization credentials, you can set up a webhook in {{site.konnect_short_name}}.

Create a webhook by sending a request to the `/audit-log-webhook` endpoint with the connection details for your SIEM vendor:

```sh

> curl -i -X PATCH https://global.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook \

Reviewer: Could we update the endpoint url in this example to be `https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook`
or `https://eu.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook` since these are region-specific?

* `log_format`: The output format of each log message. Can be `cef` or `json`.

If the request is successful, you will receive a `200` response code, and a response body containing the webhook's configuration details: 

```json
{
    "endpoint":"https://example.com/audit-logs",
    "log_format":"cef",
    "enabled":true,
    "updated_at":"2023-04-01T00:00:01Z"
}
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

Your webhook should now start receiving audit logs. 

## View webhook configuration and status

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Konnect UI %}

You can view the status of your webhook through the **Audit Logs Setup** page under 
{% konnect_icon organizations %} **Organization**.

Notice the status badge next to title of the webhook. For example, the following webhook is active:

![Audit log webhook](/assets/images/docs/konnect/konnect-audit-log-webhook.png)

To find the last attempt timestamp and the last response code, use the audit log API.

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab API %}

View your audit log webhook configuration by running the following command:

```sh

> curl https://global.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook \

Reviewer: Could we update the endpoint url in this example to be `https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook`
or `https://eu.api.konghq.com/v2/audit-log-webhook` since these are region-specific?

---
title: Set up an audit log webhook
content_type: how-to
badge: enterprise
beta: true
---

You can use the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Organization Settings API to configure webhooks for [audit logging](/konnect/org-management/audit-logging). 

Webhooks are invoked via an HTTP request using the following retry rules:

- Minimum retry wait time: 1 second
- Maximum retry wait time: 30 seconds
- Maximum number of retries: 4

> A retry is done on connection error, server error (`500` status code), or too many requests (`429` status code).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A retry is performed on connection error, server error (`500` HTTP status code), or too many requests (`429` HTTP status code).
```
Ignore this if it feels redundant

    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --header "Authorization: Bearer PAT" \
    --data '{"endpoint":"https://example.com/audit-logs","enabled":true,"authorization":"example-token"}'
```

Replace the following placeholders with your own data:
* `PAT`: A {{site.konnect_short_name}} [personal access token](https://cloud.konghq.com/global/tokens) for the organization that you're tracking.
* `"endpoint":"https://example.com/audit-logs"`: The external endpoint that will receive audit log messages.
* `"authorization":"example-token"`: The authorization credentials for your log collection service. 
{{site.konnect_short_name}} supports any authorization header type.

    For example, if you are setting up the webhook for Splunk, you could provide a Splunk access token: `"authorization":"Splunk example-token12234352535235"`

If the connection is successful, you will receive a `200` response code, and a response body containing the webhook's configuration details: 

```json
{
    "endpoint":"https://example.com/audit-logs",
    "enabled":true
}
```

You should now start receiving logs at your endpoint from the configured organization. 

## View webhook configuration

> You can view your audit log webhook configuration by running the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view your audit log webhook configuration by running the following command:
```
